# TURBO-ENOCDER

Channel coding consist of Turbo encoding and decoding . simple Turbo encoder which can be used for Channel coding is simulated using MATLAB . 
Its uses LTE TOOL BOX for Encode Data Streaming MOdel to verify developed Turbo Encoder. For more info study paper given in link 
S. Mishra, H. Shukla and S. Madhekar, "Implementation of Turbo decoder using MAX-LOGMAP algorithm in VHDL," 2015 Annual IEEE India Conference (INDICON), New Delhi, 2015, pp. 1-6, doi: 10.1109/INDICON.2015.7443180.Abstract: Design and implementation of a Turbo decoder on FPGA is a challenging task. Various algorithms based on the BCJR algorithm have been proposed to enable the implementation of Turbo decoding in a hardware device. With the advent of FPGAs, the realization of the BCJR algorithm and different simplified versions of BCJR algorithm on hardware is possible. A VHDL implementation of Turbo decoder using the MAX-LOG-MAP algorithm has been discussed in this paper. The target device used for this implementation is Xilinx Virtex-6 FPGA. Simulation and synthesis were carried out using ModelSim SE 6.1 and Xilinx ISE 10.1. BER plots and input and output waveforms for interleaver, deinterleaver, MAX-LOG-MAP decoder and Turbo decoder are also presented. keywords: {error statistics;field programmable gate arrays;hardware description languages;interleaved codes;maximum likelihood decoding;radiocommunication;turbo codes;turbo decoder implementation;turbo decoder design;BCJR algorithm;hardware device;VHDL implementation;Xilinx Virtex-6 FPGA implementation;ModelSim SE 6.1;Xilinx ISE 10.1;BER plot;interleaver;deinterleaver;MAX-LOG-MAP decoder algorithm;bit error rate;maximum a posteriori algorithm;Decoding;Bit error rate;Algorithm design and analysis;Delays;Field programmable gate arrays;Turbo codes;Error correcting codes;Turbo codes;iterative decoding;FPGA;MAX-LOG-MAP algorithm},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7443180&isnumber=7443105
